HEY.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
( ball clunking )
HUH?
NICE.
HEY, I GOT
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
WHAT'S THIS?
812 BUCKS.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT BIG LEON TOLD YOU
BUT IT'S AN EVEN THOUSAND
IF YOU WANT ME
FOR THE WHOLE NIGHT.
WHAT IS THIS FOR?
WELL, I'M MAKING
MONEY NOW
AND THIS IS
PAYING YOU BACK
FOR HEAD SHOTS,
ELECTRIC BILLS
AND SO MANY
SLICES OF PIZZA,
I CAN'T EVEN COUNT.
I LOVE YOU, MAN.
WELL, THANKS, MAN.
NOW I CAN GET MY PONY.
HEY, THIS IS A LITTLE
EXTRA SOMETHING
FOR, YOU KNOW, ALWAYS
BEING THERE FOR ME.
WOW, I DON'T
KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S A BRACELET.
ISN'T IT?
AND IT'S ENGRAVED TOO.
CHECK IT OUT.
"TO MY BEST BUD."
THANKS, BEST BUD.
( chuckling )
PUT IT ON.
OH, NOW?
( chuckling )
I THINK
SOMETHING THIS NICE
SHOULD BE SAVED
FOR A SPECIAL OCCASION.
OH, NO, NO, THAT'S
THE BEAUTY PART.
IT GOES WITH EVERYTHING.
YOU PUT THIS ON...
YOU'RE GOOD TO GO.
OH-HO-HO, MAN.
YOU ARE SO WEARING
THAT BRACELET. WHOO.
I SO AM.
WHOA, YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT THIS WILL DO
FOR YOUR SEX LIFE?
IT'LL PROBABLY
SLOW IT DOWN AT FIRST
BUT ONCE I GET USED
TO THE EXTRA WEIGHT
I'LL BE BACK ON TRACK.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WELL, THIS ALL LOOKS GOOD.
GREAT.
IF I CALL FOR A REFERENCE
ON YOUR LAST JOB?
OH, THAT'S THERE
ON THE BOTTOM.
"SEE THE MANAGER,
CHANDLER BING"?
LET'S SEE IF YOU'RE
AS GOOD IN PERSON
AS YOU ARE ON PAPER.
MAKE ME A SALAD.
A SALAD?
I COULD DO SOMETHING
MORE COMPLICATED.
NO, JUST A SALAD
WILL BE FINE.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT IT.
NOW, I WANT
YOU TO TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
WHILE YOU'RE DOING IT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, I'M TEARING
THE LETTUCE.
UH-HUH. IS IT DIRTY?
NO, DON'T WORRY. I'LL WASH IT.
DON'T. I LIKE IT DIRTY.
IT'S... YOUR CALL.
SO, UH... WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO DO NEXT?
WELL, I THOUGHT
THAT I WOULD CUT
UP THE TOMATOES.
ARE THEY, UH, FIRM?
THEY'RE ALL RIGHT.
YOU SURE THEY HAVEN'T GONE BAD?
YOU SURE THEY'RE NOT
VERY, VERY BAD?
NO, REALLY, THEY'RE OKAY.
YOU GOING TO SLICE THEM UP
REAL NICE?
I WAS GOING TO DO
THEM JULIENNE.
( moaning )
I'M OUT OF HERE.
( phone ringing )
HELLO?
NO, RACHEL'S NOT HERE RIGHT NOW.
CAN I TAKE A MESSAGE?
AND HOW DO WE SPELL CASEY?
IS IT LIKE "AT THE BAT"
OR "AND THE SUNSHINE BAND"?
OKAY.
BYE-BYE.
HEY, WHO'S THIS, UH, THIS CASEY?
OH, SOME GUY SHE
MET AT THE MOVIES.
WHAT DOES HE WANT WITH HER?
WELL, I'M GUESSING
HE WANTS TO
DO A LITTLE DANCE...
YOU KNOW,
MAKE A LITTLE LOVE, AND...
WELL, PRETTY MUCH
GET DOWN TONIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T GET IT.
TWO MONTHS AGO, RACHEL AND I
WERE THIS CLOSE, RIGHT?
NOW I'M TAKING MESSAGES
FROM GUYS SHE...
SHE MEETS AT THE MOVIES?
I MEAN, THIS CASEY SHOULD BE
TAKING DOWN MY MESSAGES,
YOU KNOW?
OR, OR... RACHEL
AND I SHOULD
BE TOGETHER
AND WE
SHOULD GET...
SOME KIND OF MESSAGE SERVICE.
HANG IN THERE.
IT'S GOING TO HAPPEN.
NOW HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
BECAUSE SHE'S YOUR LOBSTER.
OH, SHE'S GOING SOMEWHERE.
COME ON, YOU GUYS.
IT'S A KNOWN FACT
THAT LOBSTERS
FALL IN LOVE
AND MATE FOR LIFE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE
OLD LOBSTER COUPLES
WALKING AROUND THEIR TANK
YOU KNOW,
HOLDING CLAWS, LIKE...
HEY, YOU
FEELING BETTER?
YEAH, I THINK
THAT FIFTH SHOWER
ACTUALLY GOT
THE INTERVIEW OFF ME.
SO, DO YOU HAVE ANY
OTHER POSSIBILITIES?
YEAH, WELL,
THERE IS THE POSSIBILITY
THAT I WON'T MAKE RENT.
IF YOU WANT,
I CAN LEND YOU MONEY.
NO, NO, 'CAUSE IF I COULDN'T
PAY YOU BACK RIGHT AWAY
I'D FEEL GUILTY AND TENSE
EVERY TIME I SAW YOU.
WHY NOT BORROW IT
FROM MOM AND DAD?
YOU FEEL GUILTY AND TENSE
AROUND THEM ALREADY.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
MAKE SOME MONEY
OFF OF THEM.
YOU KNOW,
THE MAN'S GOT A POINT.
OOH.
WHAT IS THAT
SPARKLY THING?
THAT THING?
IT'S A, UH...
YEAH, IT'S...
IT'S A LITTLE
FLASHY.
NO, NO. NO, NO.
IT'S NOT FLASHY,
NOT FOR A GOODFELLA.
MAN!
MAN, THAT IS SHARP.
THAT MUST HAVE COST YOU
QUITE A FEW DOUBLOONS.
HI.
HI, DARLING.
SO, WHAT'S THIS?
SOME OF YOUR OLD STUFF.
WELL, SWEETIE, WE HAVE
A SURPRISE FOR YOU.
WE'RE TURNING YOUR
ROOM INTO A GYM.
WOW, THAT IS A SURPRISE.
JUST ONE LITTLE QUESTION.
UH, WHY NOT ROSS' ROOM?
GOSH, WE TALKED
ABOUT THAT
BUT YOUR BROTHER HAS SO
MANY SCIENCE TROPHIES
AND PLAQUES AND
MERIT BADGES...
WELL, WE DIDN'T WANT
TO DISTURB THEM.
OH, GOD FORBID.
OH, HI.
HELLO.
RACHEL, OH...
WE WERE SO SORRY TO HEAR
ABOUT YOUR PARENTS
SPLITTING UP, DEAR.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE JUST SEPARATED
SO, YOU NEVER KNOW.
WE'LL SEE.
WELL, I CAN'T SAY ANY
OF US WERE SURPRISED.
YOUR PARENTS HAVE BEEN
UNHAPPY EVER SINCE
WE'VE KNOWN THEM...
ESPECIALLY AFTER
THAT INCIDENT
IN HAWAII.
WHAT...
WHAT INCIDENT?
UH, NO. NO,
NO, NO, NO
I MUST BE THINKING
OF SOMEONE ELSE.
MAYBE ME-- HA.
DON'T YOU HAVE
SOME FOLDING TO DO?
GO FOLD, DEAR, FOLD.
YOU FOLD. GO AHEAD.
DO YOU WANT
A REFILL?
NO, I'M ALL RIGHT. THANKS.
Phoebe:
OKAY. OOH.
OKAY, YOU GOT TO
GIVE ME A SECOND.
I WANT TO GET
THIS JUST RIGHT.
( clearing throat )
( sniffing )
DUDE-- 11:00,
TOTALLY HOT BABE
CHECKING YOU OUT.
THAT WAS
REALLY GOOD.
THINK I'M READY
FOR MY PENIS NOW.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING--
DAVE THOMAS,
FOUNDER OF WENDY'S.
( laughing )
I'M GAIL.
CHANDLER.
( chuckling )
I... I, I REALLY
HAVE TO BE SOMEWHERE
BUT IT WAS NICE
MEETING YOU.
WHA...
OH, THIS IS EXCELLENT.
YOU KNOW, HE COULD
HAVE GOT ME A V.C.R.
HE COULD HAVE GOT ME
A SET OF GOLF CLUBS
BUT NO, HE HAS TO GET ME
"THE WOMAN REPELLER."
THE EYESORE FROM THE
LIBERACE HOUSE OF CRAP!
IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO WALK AROUND
SPORTING SOME REJECT FROM
THE MR. "T" COLLECTION.
CHANDLER... CHANDLER.
"I PITY THE FOOL
THAT PUTS ON MY JEWELRY!
"I DO! I DO!
I PITY THE FOOL
THAT--" HI.
HEY, MAN, WE
WERE JUST DOING
SOME IMPRESSIONS
OVER HERE.
DO YOUR MARCEL MARCEAU.
THAT'S ACTUALLY GOOD.
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT GUY?
HOW LONG HAS HE BEEN
TALKING TO HER?
IT'S LIKE, BACK OFF, BUDDY.
SHE'S A WAITRESS, NOT A GEISHA.
I THINK SHE'S OKAY.
LOOK AT THAT.
SEE HOW SHE'S PUSHING HIM AWAY,
AND HE WON'T BUDGE?
ALL RIGHT,
I'M GOING TO DO SOMETHING.
YEAH, YOU CAN
GET A CONDO
RIGHT ON THE
MOUNTAINSIDE.
YOU SKI IN, SKI OUT.
IT'S GREAT.
I LOVE IT.
EXCUSE ME?
ARE YOU RACHEL?
WHAT?
ROSS GELLER.
GOD, IN YOUR AD YOU
SAID YOU WERE PRETTY...
BUT WOW.
WHAT ARE YOU...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, MY GOD. IS THIS...
IS THIS THE WRONG DAY?
I DON'T
BELIEVE IT.
I GUESS IF
IT WORKS OUT
WE'LL HAVE SOMETHING
TO TELL THE GRANDKIDS.
YOU SURE WILL.
I'VE UH... GOT TO GO.
WAIT... WHAT...
TAKE CARE.
OKAY. SEE
YOU LATER.
NICE MEETING YOU.
( sighs )
YOU'RE WELCOME.
WHAT?
I WAS SAVING YOU.
SAVE ME FROM THE
PLEASANT CONVERSATION
WITH THE INTERESTING MAN?
FROM WHERE
I WAS SITTING...
OKAY, ROSS, LISTEN TO ME.
I AM NOT YOURS TO SAVE.
BUT, YOU ARE.
WHAT?
WELL, YOU, UM...
YOU'RE MY LOBSTER.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
ARE YOU BEING, LIKE,
THE BLIND DATE GUY AGAIN?
NO, NO.
YOU'RE MY LOBSTER.
SEE, UM...
LOBSTERS, UH...
IN THE TANK, WHEN
THEY'RE OLD, UH...
THEY GET WITH THE...
THEY WALK AROUND
HOLDING THE CLAWS.
IN THE TANK, YOU KNOW?
WITH... WITH
THE HOLDING? AND...
PHEEBS, YOU
WANT TO HELP ME
WITH THE WHOLE
LOBSTER THING?
DO THE CLAWS AGAIN.
RACH... OKAY, FORGET
THE LOBSTERS, OKAY?
WE'RE... LET'S TALK...
WHAT ABOUT US?
ROSS, THERE IS NO US.
OKAY?
NO, BUT...
NO, LISTEN TO ME.
I FELL FOR YOU,
AND I GET CLOBBERED.
YOU, THEN, FALL FOR ME
AND I, AGAIN,
SOMEHOW GET CLOBBERED.
I'M TIRED OF BEING
CLOBBERED, YOU KNOW?
IT'S... IT'S
JUST NOT WORTH IT.
WELL, BUT... BUT...
NO "BUT," ROSS.
WE ARE NEVER GOING
TO HAPPEN, OKAY?
ACCEPT THAT.
EX... EXCEPT...
EXCEPT THAT WHAT?
NO.
ACCEPT... THAT.
OH.
HEY, MAN.
LOOK, IT'S MY BEST BUD.
HOW YOU DOING?
WOW.
YOU ARE REALLY
GETTING GOOD
AT THAT MARCEL
MARCEAU THING.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE PLAY SOME BALL?
YOU AND ME.
OKAY, THAT'S MY BAD.
IF YOU HATED
THE BRACELET SO MUCH
YOU SHOULD'VE JUST SAID SO.
DOESN'T THE FACT THAT
I WORE THE BRACELET
EVEN THOUGH I HATED IT
SAY SOMETHING ABOUT
OUR FRIENDSHIP?
WHAT ABOUT THE FACT THAT
YOU INSULTED THE BRACELET
AND MADE FUN OF ME?
OKAY, WELL,
THAT'S THE PART
WHERE I'M A WANK
BUT I WAS HOPING
WE WOULDN'T FOCUS ON THAT.
COME ON, MAN, I SAID I WAS
SORRY LIKE A HUNDRED TIMES.
I PROMISE, I WILL
NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY...
WRIST.
BUT IF YOU WANT TO STAY
IN THERE AND BE MAD
YOU JUST, UH, YOU STAY IN THERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT..?
I AM HERE ON MY KNEES...
HOLDING UP
THESE COUCH CUSHIONS...
AS A SYMBOL
OF MY SORROW AND REGRET...
MUCH LIKE THEY DID
IN BIBLICAL TIMES.
THOUGH YOU MAY
HAVETH ANGER NOW...
YOU KNOW
THAT STEFFI GRAF
HAS QUITE A TUSH.
I'M JUST SAYING.
IT'S RIGHT THERE.
HEY, GUYS.
Judy:
HI, DARLING.
WHERE'S MY GRANDSON?
YOU DIDN'T BRING HIM?
NO, HE'S AT CAROL'S
AND SUSAN'S TODAY.
A WOMAN IN MY OFFICE
IS A LESBIAN.
I'M JUST SAYING.
OH, JACK, LOOK.
THERE'S THAT
HOUSE PAINT COMMERCIAL
THAT CRACKS YOU UP.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
EMOTIONAL HELL.
SO, DID THEY LEND
YOU THE MONEY YET?
NO. I HAVEN'T
ASKED THEM YET.
COME ON, MONICA, DO IT.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
UM, MONICA
HAS SOME NEWS.
UM, YEAH, UH...
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
TELL YOU THIS BEFORE
BUT, UM, I'M NO LONGER
AT MY JOB.
I HAD TO LEAVE IT.
WHY?
BECAUSE THEY MADE ME.
YOU WERE... FIRED?
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
JUDY, JUDY, RELAX.
THIS IS OUR LITTLE HARMONICA
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
WE TAUGHT HER WELL.
TEN PERCENT OF YOUR PAYCHECK,
WHERE DOES IT GO?
IN THE BANK.
SO SHE DIPS
INTO HER SAVINGS.
THAT'S WHAT
IT'S THERE FOR.
SHE'S GOING
TO BE FINE.
AND IF YOU NEED
A LITTLE EXTRA
YOU KNOW
WHERE TO FIND IT.
ANYTHING LARGER
BACK THERE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
WOULD YOU
STOP ALREADY?
GET OUT OF
THE BITTER BARN
AND PLAY IN THE HAY.
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULD PLAY IN THE HAY.
FORGET ABOUT THE FACT
THAT I JUST DROPPED $400
TO REPLACE A BRACELET
THAT I HATED TO BEGIN WITH.
BRING ON THE HAY.
HEY.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING
THAT'S GOING
TO MAKE YOU HAPPY.
GUESS WHAT GUNTHER FOUND.
OH!
HEY, NOW YOU HAVE TWO.
OH.
NOW YOU HAVE TWO.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
HEY.
HEY...
HOW COME YOU HAVE TWO?
WELL, THIS ONE'S FOR YOU.
GET OUT.
NO, I CAN'T.
I KNOW HOW MUCH
THIS MEANS TO YOU
AND I ALSO KNOW
THAT THIS IS ABOUT
MORE THAN JUST JEWELRY.
IT'S ABOUT YOU AND ME
AND THE FACT
THAT WE'RE BEST BUDS.
WOW.
IS THIS FRIENDSHIP?
I THINK SO.
CHECK IT OUT.
WE'RE BRACELET BUDDIES.
THAT'S WHAT THEY'LL CALL US.
OKAY, HERE YOU GO.
YOU CAN PAY ME BACK
WHENEVER YOU LIKE.
YOU HAVE
DINOSAUR CHECKS?
YEAH, YOU GET YOUR MONEY
AND YOU LEARN
A LITTLE SOMETHING.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THAT?
NOTHING. NOTHING.
HEY, YOU'RE
A CHEAPASAURUS.
I'M KIDDING.
THANK YOU. I'M
VERY GRATEFUL.
MON, WHAT IS THIS?
OH, UM, THAT WAS MY BATHING
SUIT FROM HIGH SCHOOL.
I WAS A LITTLE
BIGGER THEN.
I THOUGHT THAT'S
WHAT THEY USE
TO COVER CONNECTICUT
WHEN IT RAINS.
HEY, MONICA, WHAT'S
ON THIS VIDEOTAPE?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU GOT ME.
LET'S PUT IT IN.
HELLO.
HI.
HEY.
MMM...
Over here, Jack.
Okay.
I see Rachel's
coming up the path.
Oh, doesn't she look pretty?
Jack, can you get this?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS WITH YOUR NOSE?
THEY HAD TO REDUCE IT
BECAUSE OF MY DEVIATED SEPTUM.
OKAY, I WAS WRONG.
THAT'S WHAT THEY USE
TO COVER CONNECTICUT.
THIS IS US GETTING READY
FOR THE PROM.
OH.
WE DON'T HAVE TO WATCH THIS.
YEAH, WE DO.
IT'LL BE FUN.
Did you get a shot of Monica?
WHERE'S MONICA?
OVER HERE, DAD.
Jack:
WAIT. HOW DO YOU ZOOM OUT?
THERE SHE IS.
SOME GIRL ATE MONICA.
SHUT UP.
THE CAMERA
ADDS TEN POUNDS.
SO, HOW MANY CAMERAS
ARE ACTUALLY ON YOU?
Oh, you look so great.
So do you. Beautiful.
Oops.
Shoot. I got
mayonnaise on you.
Oh, that's okay.
It's just the shoulder,
not my dress.
Jack:
EVERYBODY SMILE.
OH.
DAD, TURN IT OFF.
IT IS OFF.
IT IS NOT.
WHAT'S WITH
THE RED LIGHT?
THAT'S THE "OFF" LIGHT.
RIGHT, ROSS?
LOOKING GOOD, MR. KOTTER.
YOU LOOK REALLY
PRETTY TONIGHT.
OH, THANKS.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO DO THIS SUMMER?
I'M GOING TO HANG OUT,
WORK ON MY MUSIC.
OH.
IS MY HOOK UNHOOKED?
THESE THINGS
KEEP FALLING DOWN.
I CAN'T...
KEEP THEM UP.
Uh, let me see.
I don't know.
So, what are
you going to do...
Oh, the guys are here!
...this summer?
WORK ON YOUR MUSIC?
( playing "Axel F"
from Beverly Hills Cop )
Rachel:
OH, MY GOD!
THERE'S ROY GUBLICK!
YOU KNOW, ROY SAW
STAR WARS 317 TIMES.
HIS NAME WAS
IN THE PAPER.
WHERE'S CHIP?
WHY ISN'T HE HERE YET?
HE'LL BE HERE,
OKAY?
TAKE A CHILL PILL.
THERE.
I JUST TOLD RACHEL
THAT ROY
TOUCHED MY BOOB.
I CAN'T GO
TO MY OWN PROM
WITHOUT A DATE.
I CAN'T.
IT'S TOO LAME.
IF YOU'RE NOT GOING,
I DON'T WANT TO GO EITHER.
OH, I'M GOING
TO KICK CHIP'S ASS.
I HAVE A WONDERFUL IDEA.
YOU SHOULD TAKE RACHEL
TO THE PROM.
DOUBTFUL.
JACK, GIVE ME THAT.
TALK TO YOUR SON.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
YOUR MOTHER'S RIGHT.
TAKE HER.
YOU COULD WEAR MY TUX.
SHE WON'T WANT
TO GO WITH ME.
Of course, she would.
You're a college man.
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, COME ON.
DON'T YOU WANT
TO FIND OUT?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I DON'T GET TO GO
TO MY OWN PROM.
THIS IS SO HARSH.
OKAY.
HOLD MY BOARD.
ATTABOY.
OKAY, YOU GUYS, I THINK
WE'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
NO, NO, NO.
NO.
FINE. I'M NOT
GOING TO WATCH.
Come on, kid.
LET'S GO.
Judy:
ARE YOU HANDSOME.
Jack:
LET'S SHOW THEM.
JUST A SEC, DAD.
JUST BE COOL.
OKAY, DAD.
RACHEL, READY OR NOT
HERE COMES
YOUR KNIGHT IN SHINING...
OH, NO.
BYE, YOU GUYS!
DON'T WAIT UP!
CHIP!
Judy:
OH, DEAR.
JACK, HOW DO I SHUT
THIS DAMN THING OFF?
Press the button.
Which one? Which button? Jack...
The button. The button.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THAT.
YEAH, WELL...
SEE?
HE'S HER LOBSTER.
Judy:
Dance with him.
Mom, I'm hungry.
Dance with your father.
I MAY NOT KNOW ANY
OF YOUR FLASHDANCES
BUT I'M NO SLOUCH
ON THE DANCE FLOOR.
ALL RIGHT.
OH, JACK.
OH, JUDY.
Oh, Jack.
Judith...
Oh, Judy... Yes... Yes...
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]